Hello and welcome back to the course on deep natural language processing.
And today we're going to look at end to end deep learning models.
And the reason why we're delving into this area is it will help us understand why sequence to sequence
models are actually so good because sequences sequence bottles are a type of end to end.
Mullins.
So let's have a look.
So here we have our diagram on the right but natural language processing deep learning deep national
I was crossing and the sequence sequence in the middle.
Then we're going to look at the specific examples specific use case of natural language processing.
Let's say this is us and we want to contact a customer support center of the company that we have for
a product or service from.
For example let's say we have a mobile phone and somethings are working we don't have enough Internet
on our phone or they sent us a excessively high bill or we want to find out of some promotion about
roaming overseas because we're about to travel as what we normally do is we call them up and we talk
to the customer support Representer like we can see here because it was more representative our users
their mind to come up to assess our problem and come up with a solution and more often than not they
can solve our problem.
Of course sometimes we're frustrated because there is no solution to our problem or we didn't get the
answer that we wanted or the the charges on the bill are actually valid and so on but that's not the
problem that we look at here.
The problem is we're looking here is the problem of communication and that's this part did we get our
message across.
Did they understand the message.
Did they apply some sort of model in this case the brain model to come up with a solution to help us.
This is what we were.
And so in this case this none of this is anywhere in this diagram.
This whole concept that this whole concept is actually way outside the law.
Because it's a human being a human being over the phone there's no natural language processing there
is probably here in the brain.
But that's not what we're concerned with.
We can construct the brain.
We're here to construct machine learning deep learning a chat bot and so on.
So in this case we're way out of the dugout as you can see the result is correct.
Mission accomplished.
Ok then what happens.
What happened in history.
So it's like a little excursion to history so you can sit back and relax and grab a cup of coffee or
tea or whatever you're drinking and enjoy.
So what happened after that after that companies started being smart started cutting costs and replacing
and increasing efficiency to be fair and replacing their support representatives with automated systems.
And we've all been through this when you call up and all of a sudden instead of Verrett company and
all of a sudden instead of a person on the other side you hear this voice which is like a human but
a prerecorded voice saying hello welcome to this company and the exquisite company.
And please please listen to the following options carefully as the options may have changed for our
sales department press one for our marketing or for our customer support press 2 for billing.
Press 3 to check your account balance press.
And for all other questions.
Press 5 something that so help I hope I get out that quite well.
So we would use the dial that we will have to use a dial pad to come to tell this system where we want
to go.
And this might sound familiar.
From what we discussed previously this is one of those risk Stichel if else if this and that is that
in this type of algorithms where you keep pressing the buttons and sometimes you get somewhere if yours.
If your queries are quite easy you want to check your account balance.
You press the buttons and gets you there but a lot of the time we have very specific queries in mind
that don't get sold through a decision tree or a flow chart like that.
And what happens is well actually let's first of all place it on the map.
So on our map this is a natural language processing room.
As you can see for deep learning here.
And basically what happens in these cases we've all been there.
We get really frustrated and nothing happens because not it's not it's not that's you know we're frustrated
because the bill is too high and it is truly like that or because they don't have a roaming option.
We're frustrated because of the communication issue.
That's the part that's frustrating we cannot get our point across this thing does not understand us.
And again I'm sure we've all had experiences like that.
So what happened next well or what's happening now.
We're actually getting very close to the present.
What's happening now is again same situation.
Don't have a person on the phone.
But now all of a sudden we can talk to the lady or or the the man on the other side the robot voice.
And how does that happen.
Well we call them they say hey welcome to Company X Y and Zed please tell me what you're calling about.
Have you had that in your life have you had a situation like that.
I've definitely had a couple of those where you call up and ask you to actually tell them in your human
voice what they're talking about more what you're calling up about.
And why is this possible.
Well this could be possible for a couple of reasons.
So I'm going to put a brain here I'm going to go that like her quote Don't go all the way and put the
brain here.
It could be possible.
Judy remember we talked about natural language processing but with way audio waveforms it could be done
through audio waveforms say like they could analyze the audio waveforms and then understand what you're
saying.
But I'm going to go the extra mile and just going to put the brain here because some company is already
going on how I hope that some companies are going into this new way of voice recognition.
And in this case the voice recognition is with deep learning so it's using deep learning to understand
what you're saying.
To understand your query and that's great.
That's a step forward as a step in the right direction.
But the problem is we're still sitting here on the border where we're sitting on the border because
even though it allows you to say things in a human voice and of using down pat it still passes your
result into the flowchart into his decision tree and is like pretty much the same thing as you would
use a dial pad except for sometimes it doesn't recognize you well especially if they're not using people
or if using like one of those frequency dissection or analysis algorithms from just an LP side of things
then this is going to be terrible because they're going to get the wrong thing in the first place and
then they'll pass the wrong thing on here.
But if they're even getting the right thing so passing on to a decision tree and it's very limited in
the options that it has just the predefined options that they've thought about that list of things.
And so results again frustration that communication did not go through.
But as you can see we're making our way into the right direction.
Next one is what happened next.
Oh by the way like after this you may have noticed like I've noticed companies that went down this path
and they got even more frustrated customers than in the previous one where they had where they had the
dial pad.
And so they reverted back to the top Pat.
So it was really interesting.
I like one time I called up my mobile phone provider and said I'm a dial pad.
They were like Please tell me what you're calling about.
And this was the experience was even worse and then a couple months later I called them up again.
Or you know maybe I was part of a pilot or something like that.
So some companies like see this even as even a more of a challenge.
And of course you're you're going into the more advanced areas of computer science the more advanced
areas of natural language processing is going to be challenging anyway.
So what happened after that or what is happening now is now again we can talk with.
Again it depends on the company the region and all like the service I guess that you're using.
But they are they are.
I hope they are advanced companies where you can you can talk and what they use in the background is
deep learning algorithm as before but this time is different this time.
They also use a deep learning algorithm to analyze your like what he's actually saying.
So there's a deep learning algorithm trained to analyze your solid forms that you're making with your
vocal chords.
And then there's another deep learning algorithm that is trained to take that information.
Let's let's say it's in text form is like can become or text or something or a machine it and it's this
algorithm is trained to understand the meaning.
So this algorithm just transcribes basically transcribes your voice your audio that you're producing
into words.
And then this algorithm takes the words understands the meaning and searches for that answer that you're
looking for applies to that or the actual call to the right the right person and so on basically trust
every person.
So now we're fully in the deep natural language processing.
And with this is the part where we are about to celebrate everything's amazing.
But what we get is again we get frustration.
How does that happen.
How come I guess it didn't work out.
And this is the key to where we're going.
This is the key is always being on the screen.
Up here my friends at the top and two and people are the models.
The problem with this approach is that you have two separate deportee models and there's a very simplistic
example there can be other applications of deep learning natural deep natural language processing where
you can have not just two steps of declaring but you get a three four or five five different steps and
each one could be converted into a deep learning model just because deploring our style.
But the problem is if we problem occurs if we keep them separate as separate people or algorithms the
thing there is that this one goes through training on its own.
This one goes to training on its own and there therefore there is an Miskin is it doesn't flow it's
not like one algorithm that is taking care of the whole thing.
Understanding what you are saying finding in transcribing it finding the meaning of what you're saying.
Like not not even just like transcribing but finding them is like taking your words processing them
internally finding the meaning and coming up the answer.
So as soon as you have like two or more because their training happens separately you will run into
problems not necessarily all the time but a lot of cases have been reported or as many cases have been
recorded.
All of this reported of this happening that because the data cloning algorithms are separate you run
traumas think of it like the best way is to imagine it because we're talking about intuition here.
And is this like is hard to come up with concrete like a concrete.
This is why it went wrong in it because I guess the best way to think about it is like imagine two humans
like what a human is try is transcribing what what has been said the other human is searching for that
answer.
Like taking that to understanding the meaning search for that and it becomes one of those cases like
you know the game where you have to come up to the next person in like in front of you and whisper into
their ear what you heard from the person behind.
And you do that a couple of times and meaning is lost.
Similar thing here.
Again it's it's a very it's a far fetched example but that's kind of the concept because they've been
trained separately.
This one is very good at what it does.
This was very good at what it does but to get its act together it's not very good at what it does overall.
So that's the best way I can describe it.
So basically that's why we need to and deeper meaning so that one brain is taking care of the whole
thing and that is the next stage the next step or some might say the final step.
Final Frontier that we have to look at and it would look something like this.
Talk there is a brain and there's an answer.
So we as very similar to that part where we had the human the human we hear and the human brain we the
answer similar.
We're getting there slowly.
And the reason why this is so cool is because this is part of this deeper encircled is this part called
that and to and deep learning models.
And that's where we're putting our model and notice it's not necessarily in sequence sequences specific
group like purposefully put it somewhere between because it could be a sequence sequence could be some
other model.
Those people are the models part is quite vague it's not it's not very defined it's not like an area
that you can say these are and 10 people are like this.
They're characterized by this this and this.
It's just a way of somebody saying that look my people are immortal actually.
It's just one neural network that takes care of the whole thing.
I've built a neural network stars to finish or more or less from start to finish.
And therefore it's kind of just a is a term that's used quite loosely to express that.
But that's the concept that there's one neural network running the whole show.
And if you have something like that then you have more chances of it being successful and delivering
great customer experience.
In this case and other cases of course other applications.
So there we go that's what and to anti-cloning models are and as you can see sequence to sequence luckily
is an end to anti-cloning model and that's what we're going to explore further down in this.
And I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then happy analyzing.